#summary Complete change log of TibiaAPI.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

= v2.0 =

 * Added Proxy with sending, recieving, and blocking of packets. It is completely asynchronous and multi-client compatible.(see example code below)
 * Added MapViewer
 * Added GetTiles function to the Map object. Has the option to scan only the current floor. Useful for a fisher.
 * Added getting/setting of client FPS
 * Added a mouse hook
 * Added GetTilesWithinView method to Map
 * Added Map Merger utility
 * Fixed: MapViewer no longer flickers
 * Fixed: item.OpenContainer
 * Fixed: Changed several Client methods to properties (LoggedIn, FPS, RSA, IsActive, Title, see documentation for all of them)
 * Fixed: inventory.FindItem now has the option to check slots.
 * Fixed: Merged Slot object with Inventory, moved GetSlot from client to inventory
 * Fixed: Moved hotkey functions to inventory.UseItem, UseItemOnSelf, and UseItem(id, creatureId)
 * Fixed: Renamed item.Id to Item.Number, item.Id is now the tile id
 * Fixed using an Item on the ground (ex. fishing)
 * Fixed: ClientChooser smart option was not being recognized.

= v1.4 =

 * Added name and floor spy functions to Map (ShowNames and ShowFloor)
 * Added UseOnSelf function to Item
 * Added GetPartyMembers to Battlelist, including a function that gets all party members with HP bar less than or equal to the specified percentage
 * Added ExpLeft function to Player
 * Fixed Use functions in Item to work with fluids
 * Added SetTitle to Client
 * Fixed the RSA and LoginCharList values to 8.1
 * Added OutfitTypes from the update (thanks TTB)
 * Added a Calculate class to utility, containing methods for calculating statistics. At the moment it calculates the exp needed for a level
 * Fixed ability to read long strings
 * Fixed read/write of IsWalking and IsVisible (they were read/writing integers when it should be bytes

= v1.3 =

 * Finished updating addresses to 8.10 (thanks TibiaAuto!)
 * Added IsActive method to Client.
 * Added IsAttacking() method to Objects/Creature.cs.
 * Added Stack method to Inventory.
 * Added option to change the ClientChooser title.
 * Added some tiles to Constants/Tiles.cs.
 * Fixed GetContainers and GetItems to reverse the list so it is read in the correct direction; (0,0) is first.
 * Fixed KeyboardHook and made it user friendly (see example code below).
 * Fixed read/write function names in Objects/Client.cs to PascalCase.
 * Fixed using/moving items (client wasn't getting set).

= v1.2 =

 * Added support for Tibia 8.10
 * Added GoTo a location (similar to clicking a square)
 * Added VipList objects and methods
 * Added functions to Objects.Battlelist for finding creatures by name while ignoring spaces
 * Added getVersion to Objects.Client
 * Added support for multiple Tibia versions (currently 8.10 and 8.00) via Tibia.Version.Set(string version)
 * Added support for the Target CreatureType
 * Fixed SetServer and SetOT
 * Fixed makeRune to check hands better and move around items, as welll as making the soul point check optional.
 * Fixed memory read/write for client to only open the handle once (when the client object is created)
 * Fixed use item on ground packet structure

= v1.1 =

 * Added server/port changer to connect to OT servers
 * Added ability to change the RSA key
 * Fixed outfit addon and type to use enum
 * Added function map.replaceTrees();

= v1.0 =

 * Initial release